README.md, before:


# CLI Readme Generator

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/PeterBaker644/Readme-Generator)](https://github.com/PeterBaker644/Readme-Generator/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md)

This command line based readme generator prompts the user for information using the command line and assembles a markdown file given the github information and user response. It's important to note that a repository must be made ahead of time so the generator can read user and project information. It includes imporant sections such as a dynamically created table of content, installation instructions, readme badges, and dynamic licensing.

## Installation
After cloning the repository to your computer, navigate to the folder with your terminal and run `npm install`.

## Usage
Using the commandline of your choice with node installed, run `node index.js` and follow the instructions. A GitHub repository must be created before the generator can properly run.

## License
This repository uses an open-source license. Please check the readme badges or refer to the license documentation in the repository for more information.

## Contributing

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Screenshots

![Screenshot of the CLI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PeterBaker644/Readme-Generator/master/screenshots/screenshot-1.png)

Commit message:

Added the user story because why not

README.md, after:


# CLI Readme Generator

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/PeterBaker644/Readme-Generator)](https://github.com/PeterBaker644/Readme-Generator/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md)

This command line based readme generator prompts the user for information using the command line and assembles a markdown file given the github information and user response. It's important to note that a repository must be made ahead of time so the generator can read user and project information. It includes imporant sections such as a dynamically created table of content, installation instructions, readme badges, and dynamic licensing.

## User Story
```
AS A developer
I WANT a README generator
SO THAT I can easily put together a good README for a new project
```

## Installation
After cloning the repository to your computer, navigate to the folder with your terminal and run `npm install`.

## Usage
Using the commandline of your choice with node installed, run `node index.js` and follow the instructions. A GitHub repository must be created before the generator can properly run.

## License
This repository uses an open-source license. Please check the readme badges or refer to the license documentation in the repository for more information.

## Contributing

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Screenshots

![Screenshot of the CLI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PeterBaker644/Readme-Generator/master/screenshots/screenshot-1.png)
